here's the hard truth about getting
great it takes time and dedication it
takes a willingness to accept that
you're not yet good enough it takes the
ability to stare at the places that you
know that you're weak to really look at
those things and not let it affect your
sense of self-esteem and not let it
affect your sense of self-worth so that
you can still get the momentum going but
you have to understand that in the
beginning we're all terrible and as
Henri cartier-bresson said your first
10,000 photographs are your worst and so
the thing that really makes great art
are the people that continue to push and
the people that continue to work and
face how inadequate they are and really
understand that at the end of the day
greatness is a craft greatness is a
process greatness is a habit greatness
is the little things that you do every
day
overtime going out every day unafraid of
whether or not this is one of the 10,000
terrible things that you're going to do
it's being unafraid to make those
mistakes as being unafraid that you're
not yet great and as Marianne rad maker
said courage doesn't always war
sometimes courage is the quiet voice at
the end of the day saying I will try
again tomorrow
and that's it if you want to be great
that's when you have to do
you've got to get up again tomorrow
you've got to be willing to face another
day you've got to be willing to accept
that you've got to get through the bad
ideas before you can get to the good
you've got to understand that you have
to start as an apprentice you have to
start as a person going and getting tea
and you have to accept that that's the
job that you should be playing that you
should be working for somebody else you
should be looking up to somebody else's
seeing what they can teach you because
what you know is that you're there to
learn what you know is that you're there
to get through the ten thousand bad
photographs that you need to get through
to ultimately achieve greatness and if
you make the catastrophic error that's
so many make to try to tell them whether
you're extraordinary today to try to get
the world to follow you and look up to
you and think that you're something
today
because the people that living win are
the ones that
the ones that listen today the ones that
spend every ounce of their energy
amassing mastery getting better every
day working their asses off to improve
their skill set to relentlessly look at
the things that they're not doing well
to understand that they have to break
themselves down and get rid of all of
their ego before they can really find
greatness those are the people that we
remember so if you want to be remembered
if you want to achieve real greatness
you just need to have the courage to
show up every day and take another swing
take another photo try another task do
something that scares you and do those
little things over and over and over
until you win
[Music]
you